docs: update org network content access policy (#2450)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/enterprise-network-security.md

Reviewer: Nit 

<img width="869" height="815" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd24d59d-7698-4c11-9533-bd837c7f6993" />

### Content Access Policy 

> Define a fine-grained Content Access Policy by blocking certain contents of the Hugging Face Hub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a fine-grained Content Access Policy by blocking specific content of the Hugging Face Hub. 
```

Reviewer 2: (same in the code/ui actually, `contents` => `content`  :))

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/network-sec-blocked-content.png" alt="Screenshot of blocked pages on the Hub."/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/dark-network-sec-blocked-content.png" alt="Screenshot of blocked pages on the Hub."/>
</div>

To define Blocked Content, add rules that target a repository type, an organization, a specific repository, or a combination such as a repository type within a given organization (e.g. all Spaces from a specific organization).

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/network-sec-cap-v2.png" alt="Screenshot of access content policy settings on the Hub."/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/dark-network-sec-cap-v2.png" alt="Screenshot of access content policy settings on the Hub."/>
</div>

> The Always Allowed field lets you define exceptions to the blocking rules. You can target content that should remain accessible regardless of the blocked rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Always Allowed field lets you define exceptions to the blocking rules. You can target content that should remain accessible even when a block rule would otherwise apply.
```
